Say it, you say it.
Who got this horse's head when it fell on Yang Hongxue's hand? How did he snatch it from Lei Laohu's hand?
Yeah. He used to sell it in nightclubs.
Are you and Bogui being packaged by him?
I am the Lord, okay
Give you this palm stand
Xiaoweibao is not qualified yet, why?
Do you need me to take a picture of Sister Hong for you?
Sit down and take a good look and chat about it.
Lin Feng's three-day meeting with Ma Tao
Sing our many and billions of love
But who do you think you are?
If I were you, I would be empty
Oh my god oh my god
Oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god Oh my god oh my god oh my god
Oh my god, my god, my god, my god.
Oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god Oh my God